[MUSIC]
For problem 1b, we're going to use
the dataset which we have used a few times
throughout this course.
If we go to the data tab we can
see that the sales data set.
If we highlight the entire
table from C14 to L121,
you will notice on the top left
the reference changes to sales data
telling us that the entire
table is a named range.
Now, let's go back to the exercise.
We start by typing =VLOOKUP in C31.
The look up value is going to
be the distributor ID in B31.
Next we want to select
the look up array so
let's bring up the name manager using F3.
We just found out that the sales
data table is called SALES_DATA so
let's select it and click OK.
I don't need to lock it,
because a named range is always going to
be referencing the same series of cells.
When I hit comma, Excel prompts me for
the column number,
and we already know from counting this
before, the information is in column five,
so we enter a 5.
Next we'll hit comma, and
then since we are looking for
an exact match,
we finish the formula with a false.
Close the paren and hit Enter.
Now I can just copy this formula down and
you will see how all
the answers are filled out.
Note that this formula is very easy
to read, thanks to the name range.
Let's hit F2 to open up the formula.
As you can see it is asking to find the
value that is in B34 within my sales data.
And grab the corresponding
field in the fifth column.
Now, it's your turn to
practice with Problem 1c.
To give you a hint,
remember from our introduction
that the unique ID needs to
always be in the far left column.
Good luck.
[MUSIC]